Fix: #970 add Arcana CA SDK under cross-chain tooling section (#980)
Consensys/doc.linea: docs/get-started/tooling/cross-chain/arcana.mdx

---
title: Arcana
image: /img/socialCards/arcana.jpg
---

import ArcanaCAGraphic from "/img/get_started/tooling/cross_chain/arcana/chain_abstraction.png";
import ArcanaUBGraphic from "/img/get_started/tooling/cross_chain/arcana/unified_balance.png";

> [Arcana Network](https://arcana.network) offers [Chain Abstraction](https://docs.arcana.network/ca/introduction/ca/) (CA) SDK that integrates with any web3 app and enables app users to beat liquidity fragmentation. Users can view [unified balance](https://docs.arcana.network/concepts/unified-balance) associated with their EoA and spend it on any chain using any third-party wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Arcana Network](https://arcana.network) [Chain Abstraction](https://docs.arcana.network/ca/introduction/ca/) (CA) SDK integrates with any web3 app and enables app users to beat liquidity fragmentation. Users can view a [unified balance](https://docs.arcana.network/concepts/unified-balance) associated with their EoA and spend it on any chain using any third-party wallet.
```

<div class="center-container">
  <div class="img-large">
      <img
        src="/img/get_started/tooling/cross_chain/arcana/chain_abstraction.png"
        alt="Chain Abstraction with Arcana SDK"
      />
  </div>
</div>

Unified balance allows users to spend the consolidated multi-chain balance of supported tokens (for example, ETH, USDC, USDT) within the app context on any [chain](https://docs.arcana.network/web3-stack/ca_stack#chains) including Linea. This allows web3 apps to onboard users from any ecosystem effortlessly.

<div class="center-container">
  <div class="img-large">
      <img
        src="/img/get_started/tooling/cross_chain/arcana/unified_balance.png"
        alt="Unified Balance"
      />
  </div>
</div>

## Linea integration

> To enable chain abstraction on Linea, Web 3.0 apps must install and integrate with the [Arcana Chain Abstraction SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@arcana/ca-sdk). See [Quick Start Guide](https://docs.arcana.network/quick-start/ca-quick-start/) and the CA [API](https://ca-sdk-ref-guide.netlify.app/) for details. Check out web3 app [integration examples](https://docs.arcana.network/ca/examples/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable chain abstraction on Linea, web3 apps must install and integrate with the [Arcana Chain Abstraction SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@arcana/ca-sdk). See the [quick start guide](https://docs.arcana.network/quick-start/ca-quick-start/) and the CA [API](https://ca-sdk-ref-guide.netlify.app/) for details. Check out web3 app [integration examples](https://docs.arcana.network/ca/examples/). 
```

## CA SDK demonstration

Try the [CA SDK demo app](https://sdk.arcana.network/) to see how it works for Linea. Use any third-party browser-based wallet and connect to the app. 

> ## Resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Resources

```
